# How-did-the-female-entrepreneurs-in-India-managed-to-fight-the-battle-of-male-chauvinism-and-succeed
Mutiny, is the often-repeated adage drives, is the only constant. In the past couple of decades, we can see that the global economic scenario is diversifying swiftly around us, in the same way, the status of women in Indian culture has evolved drastically. Today, Women have been playing a vital role in the growth of the Indian economy and have made a big impression and achieved success in about every sector. However, among all this some effects don’t change: To promote the balanced growth of our nation there is a significant need for the sustainable growth of women entrepreneurs. The abilities that make women successful endure pretty much the same and India’s most successful female entrepreneurs bear witness to that. In a nation where women are still up in contradiction of several socio-economic challenges, the <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/leadership-management/five-s-for-scalability-in-entrepreneurship/">top women entrepreneurs in India</a> are examples of how determination, drive, creativity, and compassion can make a powerful recipe for accomplishment. India’s most successful female entrepreneurs have manifested themselves to be real-life role models in different fields by taping their paths to smash the glass ceiling. As they do so, the female entrepreneurs in India are destined to encourage millions of women who are still battling to follow their path and accomplish their dreams. This is the reason why women are called powerhouses.<br>

Traditionally, the Indian woman was only allowed to be a homemaker, although there is nothing wrong with being one. But when the women got opportunities, the modern Indian women have proudly flaunted the many other sides of their personality.<br>

India’s most successful female entrepreneurs have reached greater heights because of their hard work and perfect execution of management and business techniques.
In this golden age of start-up booms, globalization, and digitalization India is seeing a revolution and India’s most successful female entrepreneurs, vis-à-vis women entrepreneurs. In today’s scenario, women entrepreneurs do not belong only to the recognized business families or from the higher-income sections of the inhabitants, they are the top women entrepreneurs in India who have worked hard to achieve that status. Female entrepreneurs in India have converted their dreams into reality with utmost dedication, willpower, and perseverance. <br>

The women not only broke the glass ceiling unswervingly but they have successively managed to potter into fields that have traditionally been declared of male domination. 
Being a businessperson, nevertheless, isn’t easy. Women in India have more magnanimous foothills to climb, far more battles to win. 
Primary and foremost, India’s most successful female entrepreneurs have to deal with gender bias. India has traditionally been a male-chauvinist culture where the role of women was related to domestic responsibilities. Although, there is still a long way to go before we as a nation righteously achieve gender equality. Even today, the top women entrepreneurs in India have to uninterruptedly fight male egos, sexism, and misogyny to show their caliber and capability. Female entrepreneurs in India have fought the idea that women cannot achieve what men can. <br>
